React Revamp: Update javascript conclusion lesson (#25805)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/finishing_up_with_javascript/conclusion.md

### The end of the JavaScript course! 

Completing the JavaScript course is a major milestone! Congratulations! You've learned a lot of major JavaScript concepts like prototypes, closures, promises, and event loops. Take a moment to reflect on how far you've come.

> At this point, you can create phenomenal and dynamic frontends, all using vanilla JavaScript. However, the frontend isn't over yet. You'll be learning [React](https://react.dev/), a library for creating interfaces, in an upcoming course. You've already experience the pain of manually updating the DOM with respect to your underlying data changes, that's where React simplifies the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you can create phenomenal and dynamic frontends, all using vanilla JavaScript. However, the frontend isn't over yet. You'll be learning about accessibility, responsive design and about [React](https://react.dev/), a library for creating interfaces, in the upcoming courses. You've already experience the pain of manually updating the DOM with respect to your underlying data changes, that's where React simplifies the process.
```

I like the change! I merely proposed the above to consider because it includes a bit more about the final sections to come before the backend. But if you want to keep it as is, that's fine as well.

### The end of the JavaScript course! 

Completing the JavaScript course is a major milestone! Congratulations! You've learned a lot of major JavaScript concepts like prototypes, closures, promises, and event loops. Take a moment to reflect on how far you've come.

> At this point, you can create phenomenal and dynamic frontends, all using vanilla JavaScript. You've spent time working with APIs and should be confident enough to integrate your frontends to any backends you wish.   

Reviewer: if the React course will still be right after battleship, this will not be true. I really don't know how to integrate my frontends to any backends yet.

However, the frontend isn't over yet. You'll be learning [React](https://react.dev/), a library for creating interfaces, in an upcoming course. You've already experience the pain of manually updating the DOM with respect to your underlying data changes, that's where React simplifies the process.

> #### Give Your Feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Give your feedback
```
Styleguide
